feat(curriculum): add functions calculator workshop (#55949)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-calculator-app/66cc0a9e06e00b75d6782be9.md

---
id: 66cc0a9e06e00b75d6782be9
title: Step 3
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-3
---

# --description--

In the previous lecture videos, you learned how to call(invoke) a function. Calling a function means to execute the code inside the function.

Here is a reminder of how to call a function:

```js
function myFunction(){
  return 'Hello World';
}

// function call
myFunction();
```

> Add a `console.log` and inside that `console.log` call the `addTwoAndSeven` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a `console.log` statement, and inside it, call the `addTwoAndSeven` function.
```
